first off congratulations to the
Football Giants congratulations to all
the Giants fans out there and to the
Mehra's and tissues and to Tom Coughlin
and Joe Reese and all the Giants
congratulations on a wonderful victory
congratulation to the Patriots and
really we owe everybody to say every
football fan does a thank you because
that was seven hours of terrific
football was it perfect no but I'll tell
you it was for a championship Sunday
about as compelling as you can get two
very very good
interesting close exciting games and you
know last week I said the all week folks
that I thought all four teams were even
I told you I thought well any of the
four teams could win the Super Bowl this
year I thought both games would be three
point games I got them both right but
that's not the point I mean but they
were both close I thought they'd both be
three point games I thought they'd both
be very close games and let's be honest
as just as easily as we sit here the two
teams that lost the Harbaugh's could
just as easily just as easily be on
their way to the Super Bowl that's how
close these games were that's how
minuscule the differences were let's put
the paths and the Ravens aside for a
while we'll get to that well also for
all you folks thinking about a trip to
Indianapolis we'll have our first Super
Bowl contest brought to you by Bud Light
at 3 o'clock today
each afternoon when we start the show
around 120 I'll tell you what time will
place that you can gear up we have five
trips all-expenses-paid tickets the
whole thing hotel airfare everything for
you to win this week on the program so
this is your place to win tickets the
first time today I got stacks of
questions I got new stacks of questions
here I have new audios here we will get
to all that first time today at 3
o'clock
we'll remember Joe Paterno later in the
show we'll get to the Ravens in the past
little while first now on the giant game
first wasn't it fun to see again
game played where the defenses were the
dominant forces especially late in that
game and frankly if you did not have
that turnover where you had it I think
this game may have been one of the
longer played overtime games in NFL
playoff history because I don't think
either team was going to get close to
scoring for a while unless there was a
mistake that's how dominant the
defensive lines had gotten in this game
clearly Alex Smith was doing nothing
against the Giants clearly Eli who took
an absolute beating and didn't even look
like he had gotten beat up after the
game he looked like he didn't have a mop
on him he took a beating in this game he
got knocked down nine thousand times
sacks six times and the defense played
in this game was unbelievable it was a
terrific terrific game and yes as is
often the case in dead-even games at one
point this game was 1717 and both teams
had exactly 288 total yards of offense
how much more even can a game be and
then with get out the mistakes and
you've heard me say this a thousand
times when you are punt returner in a
big game your first and primary
objective is to never turn the ball over
I don't care if you don't gain a yard
you cannot turn the ball over ball
security in big games especially by the
punt returner is an enormous enormous ly
important factor and yesterday you saw a
kid who tried to basically do too much
and Harless should have told them at
some point listen here
don't try and win the game here he was
so much trying to be the star with the
opportunity would get out
and Gannon had a lot of long returns
this year after early in the season but
it doesn't turn the ball over because
he's a pro returner he understands what
his job is and when you are in the
fourth quarter of a game and the pun is
coming into your end of the field if you
are not going to catch the punt on the
fly get away from it do not feel the
punt on the ground get away from it the
ball hit his leg give the giant
returners and the giant defenders great
credit for their awareness Williams
obviously with the strip on the second
one Thomas with the amazing awareness on
the field a huge hero the first one a
play you are trying to run away from to
get hit with that ball is criminal
criminal and I'm gonna say this listen I
picked Giants to win the game I thought
they'd win a very close game I'm
thrilled for all the giant people that
they won but I'm gonna be honest with
you
watching the game when the Giants punted
at that point I thought they were gonna
get beat I don't think if they did not
turn the ball over I do not think the
Giants were going to drive for a
touchdown on that team that's how well
the defenses were playing I thought that
the I thought the momentum had clearly
swung completely to San Francisco
I think the inference Isco pass-rush was
at that point dominating the game and I
really believe the Giants would have
lost if that ball was not if they had
run three plays and punted it back I
think that game would end at 1410 I
really believe that's what I believe in
my heart but it didn't
and give the Giants any like credit
because on third and 15 the Giants
didn't play for a field goal they didn't
call a play for a field goal they didn't
say hey there's enough time left that we
can get it back down here let's get the
14 13 they said we got to get this ball
in the end zone
and on 3rd and 15 they stood in there
Eli made a great throw great catch got
the touchdown made the aggressive call
that is a sensational call a sensational
execution and it wound up being enough
now they came down and they obviously
had their chances to go ahead they wound
up settling for a field goal
they're third down play well huh boys
trying to get a timeout was not a great
design play we know that and give the
Giants credit for keeping them out of
the end zone after that point it was
going to be who was going to make a
mistake was there going to be a strip of
a quarterback was a fourth quarterback
on a fumble which could have happened
both quarterbacks were getting pounded
with somebody gonna turn the ball over
with somebody gonna get a tip ball yes
the Niners collided twice when they
would have had easy interceptions hey
that's football